My corrections (29.11.20)

1. In the introduction, we request that you explain more fully how the various chapters fit together to address the aims. This could take the form of a narrative explanation with questions (and hypotheses) at the end of chapter 1.

Actions:
- Narrative explanation and questions after both penultimate paragraphs of Chapter 1.
Completed.

2. In Chapter 2, we request that you expand on the mechanistic explanations of how polyploidy can act as a barrier to both hybrid formation and gene flow. We suggest that these mechanisms can be placed into a conceptual framework that also includes isolating mechanisms that do not relate to ploidy. This will greatly improve the impact of this important review.

Actions:
- p21 (introduction) add a couple of sentences e.g. there are a range of reproductive barriers to cross species hybridisation, from prezygotic, which affect the formation of a zygote (e.g. differing flowering times) to postzygotic, which affects the fertility of the organism (e.g. uneven chromosome complement). In plants, polyploidy is a strong reproductive barrier, as it is a common phenomenon in a wide range of species.
- Paragraph 1 has been split into two.

3. In Chapter 3, we request that you discuss the fact that the observation of hybridisation is distinct
from the occurrence of gene flow. This might also include a comparison with the findings of Roux
et al. (https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pbio.2000234) who assessed evidence for gene flow in 61
pairs of animal taxa. 

Actions:
- p44 After "In this study we characterise... or archaeophytes" hybrids are putative based on 
morphology, and that sequences are only from putative parental progenitors.
- Change all 'pairwise combinations' to 'pairwise parental combinations'

Done.

1. In Chapter 4, we request that you discuss how the model fitting analysis performed using dadi
may have been impacted by an insufficient number of SNPs, especially considering the failure to
find optimal parameters in two of the models.

Actions:
- p60 Section 4.3.6 after first sentence, add 'while we acknowledge that a limited number of SNPs 
were generated, these analyses should be able to tell us the difference between scenarios of gene flow'. Additional citation (Hartmann et al 2020).
- p65 Section 4.4.4 - concrete conclusions limited due to the low number of SNPs. Mentioned also in the discussion.

1. We request that Chapter 5 be made an appendix. 

Actions:
- Placed in appendix, and updated to most recent version.


1. In chapter 7, we request that you provide an expanded and more nuanced discussion of the
findings with respect to functional groups.

Actions:
- Something like: functional groups are useful concepts, and contain important shared traits among species within functional groups, however, groups such as forbs are so diverse (morphologically, ecologically, and phylogenetically) that they warrant being split into smaller groups for analysis.
- Functional group given expanded attention in paragraph 1 of the discussion.


7. We request that you rewrite the general discussion, placing your thesis in the broader context of
the field, and describing if and how it changes our understanding of the field. A conceptual diagram
would be useful here.

Actions:

- A paragraph to remind the reader of taxonomic complexity and problems of the thesis? Combining all the present evidence, expanding onto wider context and implications. Follow with new research on chromosome staining/genomics. 
- Added a paragraph at the start of the discussion.

## Comments and typos
6.4.2 - \ref{} issue.